[10 pt] REFLECTION/DELIVERABLES 11/24 Answer the following questions in a .txt file: 
1. [3] Intro 
a. What was your general motivation for exploring this topic (i.e. your dataset choice)? 
b. Briefly describe how the data was collected in your chosen dataset. 
c. Which question did you end up exploring further? 

I was interested in this dataset because I thought it was interesting that they combined gender, age, 
and food preferences together, and I thought there was a lot of interesting ways I could combine 
those facts to get answers.
There was a survey to 288 people from different countries and demographics.
I further explored the question “What percent of people under 40 like fresh juice?”


2. [4] Process a. How did you go about answering your question? What specific pieces of info did you 
extract from your dataset and how did you use that data to answer your question? 
b. What difficulties did you run into and how did you approach solving them? 

I used the age and drink preference columns. I used if statements to see if they fell into the correct 
category, and kept a tracker on that. Once all the data was collected, I found the averages and presented 
the findings to te user.
I did not run into many difficulties, but I spent the most time working on how I would present the findings, and having different cases depending on the data.

3. [3] Results 
a. What did the data show? What are your takeaways? 
b. Describe some possible limitations to your research. 
c. Given more time and resources, what additional implementation of your question would you be 
interested to explore?

From this data, it showed that more people under 40  liked fresh juice over another beverage.
A limitation for my work could be the small sample size. If I had more than 288 people in the study, 
the numbers would be more accurate.
If I had more time I could also incorporate gender and see if there is a difference between men 
under 40 with their preferences compared to women under 40’s preferences.

